Add documentations for batch ingestion feature (#7408)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ingest-pipelines/processors/index-processors.md

Processor types and their required or optional parameters vary depending on your specific use case. OpenSearch supports the following ingest processors. For tutorials on using these processors in an OpenSearch pipeline, go to each processor's respective documentation. 

> ### Batch-Enabled Processors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Batch-enabled processors
```

> Some processors support batch ingestion in a way that they can handle multiple docs in a batch at the same time. Usually, these batch-enabled processors could have better performance through batch processing. The batch processing needs to be triggered through `_bulk` API with `batch_size` parameter. All batched processors are implemented with both batch mode and single mode. When ingesting via the `PUT` API, the processor's single mode will be activated and process the document in series. Currently, `text_embedding` and `sparse_encoding` processors are batch-enabled processors. For other processors, even documents are ingested through `_bulk` API with `batch_size` parameter set, documents are processed one by one by them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some processors support batch ingestion: they can process multiple documents at the same time as a batch. Usually, these batch-enabled processors provide better performance through batch processing. You can trigger batch processing through the Bulk API by providing a `batch_size` parameter. All batch-enabled processors have a batch mode and a single mode. When you ingest documents using the `PUT` method, the processor functions in a single-document mode and processes documents in series. Currently, only `text_embedding` and `sparse_encoding` processors are batch-enabled. If you ingest documents through the Bulk API and set the `batch_size` parameter for any other processor, documents are processed one by one.
```
